Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Even if
To the very last heartbeat
I have to make sure my opponent...
Falls!
I can't die
Because I tell myself
lam invincible
Father
Poor kid!
BOY
Fei! My medical box
Yes
I'm back
Eat or it'll be cold!
Yes!
I'll use acupuncture to
stimulate his energy
When it flows smoothly, one lives
When it reverses, one dies
It's very important to us
martial arts practitioners
Remember every vital point I've taught you
Yes
Father
The other boy died
Will he die too?
I'll try my best
A cold pathogen has entered his body
Plus he's underfed
It's useless!
You can't save him!
Always remember
Never give up no matter how hopeless
I won't let you die
You have to get up!
You're not going to die
You can have my peanuts
Get up!
Listen
My name is Wong Fei Hung
People call me Little Fei
I tell myself I'm invincible
Why am I so strong?
Let me tell you why
It's because I am invincible
This isn't the first corpse lost at sea
Many workers have gone missing
from the Black Tiger Gang warehouse
This worker reported it to the magistracy
In the end, he too, disappeared
This is the Guangzhou
Pearl River delta area
Also known as China's Marine Silk Road
It used to be a prosperous seaward passage
for foreign trade
But with the Qing Dynasty
maritime trade ban and the Opium War,
former glory was lost forever
This warehouse belongs
to the Black Tiger Gang
They and the North Sea Gang
dominate the pier
The two gangs fought for many years
For the rights to control the pier
And monopolize the lucrative foreign trade
Besides the business from the pier
They also own opium dens,
gambling houses and brothels
Hurry! hurry!
Move those over here
Be careful! Be careful!
Come on, keep moving!
Hurry!
Hurry UP!
Get a move on!
Hurry!
Move all that stuff!
Additional 100 workers!
Hiring!
Pay your dues and you get hired
Without a penny, there's only luck
You five, go on in!
Move over here! Over here!
You! Come over
My dear...
Wake up, please wake up!
Please wake up!
This pier belongs to the Black Tiger Gang
Who dares to report to the magistracy?
What's there to see? Get lost!
Go. Get lost!
The Black Tiger Gang has three honchos
This is the bloodthirsty First Tiger
Go! Get lost!
This gang-controlled pier
is the foreign traders' paradise
but an inferno for dock workers
Place your bets!
Hurry!
The next one must be Big!
Show! Show! Show!
Young Master,
the daredevil warriors have arrived
Banker takes all! Collect all bets!
What're you doing?
What? So what?!
This is the gold-digging Second Tiger
Master, I handpicked these girls
Send them to the courtesan boats
Leave her to me
This is the lecherous Third Tiger
The daredevil warriors have arrived
Good
I've been in the gang for six years
Never thought I'll have a chance
to meet the master
Hey Brother!
Everyone calls me Big Tooth.
What's your name?
He's got no manners
You know why we're here?
My senior asked me
to replace him to see the Master
It's a chance for me to widen my eyes
And I...
have decided...
to become the Forth Tiger
of the Black Tiger Gang
You know why the gang master
wants to see us?
This...
is a promise I made to my Brother
Master, the daredevil warriors are here
They are the best junior chiefs who've been
with us for more than five years
Greetings to you, Master!
How dare you betrayed the gang
and burnt our laborer boat
Tell us the names of your conspirators
Perhaps the Master would spare your life!
No way!
I'll never betray my buddies!
You kidnapped and sold us workers
to the foreigners as forced labor
It's god-forbidden!
We're not paid to be sold as cheap goods
We're flesh and blood,
with wives and families, not your...
There's a price to be a hero
Why didn't you duck?
Because I am not afraid
Why aren't you afraid?
Just not afraid
Grant tea!
Drink up!
Whoever can bring me back
the head of North Sea Gang master,
will be doing the Gang
a distinguished service
Whoever achieves this,
I will break the gang rule
and take him as my forth adopted son!
We swear to bring back
the head of the North Sea Gang master!
North Sea Gang master
If I don't kill you today
I won't leave here alive either!
Father!
Move!
Move away!
Master!
Father!
He's my adopted son!
I don't want him dead! I want him alive!
Yes! Father!
We'll get the best doctor to nurse him back
None of you can bring me
the head of that North Sea Gang master
Either you're taking it easy
or focus too much time
on fighting each other
You've lost the killer instinct he has!
Yes!
Master is right!
Congratulations on
taking another adopted son!
Hang the severed head on the arch
Let everybody know
who is in control of the pier now!
Yes!
You can't die! Can't die just like that
Not easy for you to get such a position
These wounds would be been worthless!
I'm lucky
After all I can have a decent meal
You have to get well no matter what!
Yeah
Why waited for me?
You've saved me once, remember?
On the ninth of last month at the theatre
You forgot?
You've mistaken
No way!
You look so ugly.
I can't possibly make a mistake
Anyway, we're buddies now!
I always want to follow a tough guy,
and be a tough guy
My father used to be a great boxer
His Eight Trigram Pole was formidable
But he got addicted to
opium and sold my siblings
Enough of him! Let me tell you my story...
I'm actually a good man
I wasn't like this seven years ago...
Hey, wake up!
If you don't want me to die
Shut up!
Rest well, don't talk too much
Once I master this, I'll teach Little Fiery
I don't want to learn
Play it again
Brother Fei!
Little Fa is in trouble
The villainous Master Li
has to take her away
Let's go!
Go!
Move! Move!
Let go of her!
Please let go of my daughter! I beg you!
Mom!
Please let her go!
Move!
I'll kill you!
That's the head of North Sea Gang master!
No
Don't
Father, forgive me
for not being a filial son
Young Master
I swear
to avenge your death!
My father has been killed
by the Black Tiger Gang
And you offer all business
of your five ships to them?
The North Sea Gang
has never had any problems before...
Even the opium dens followed your rules
What is the meaning of this?
You've no regards
for principles of the underworld?
I don't know the rules of your underworld
The struggle between you
and Black Tiger Gang
We don't care
Whoever has leverage here,
the foreign traders
will do business with them
Alright!
You'll see!
Young Master
You've been burnt?
When I was young...
Scars are for life!
It must be god's will!
This scar looks just like a tiger!
You're now the gang's adopted son
On a par with North Evil,
Black Crow, Old Snake
To help Master take care
of business at the pier
The opium den,
gambling parlor, courtesan boat
And the money vault...
Money earned from the businesses
is kept in the vault?
Two keys are required to open it,
a gold and a silver one
Master Lei owns a set
The other set is held by the two sons
with the most profitable business
Which two have the best performance now?
Of course it's Black Crow
who handles the gambling parlors
And the crafty Old Snake!
Both must be present
to gain access to the vault
To monitor each other
and share responsibility,
no one else has the key
It's useless even if you know the location
Little Fa has been taken by Villain Li
Father! I beg you, please kill him
There're more than
one villain in this world
Dad! Kill him!
Where's she?
I already sold her, no use in beating me!
Come on board to relax, Master!
Hey Master! Our girls
will sing and dance for you
Thank you, Forth Young Master!
My family will have fish porridge tonight!
In honor of the ancestors
of the Lei family,
from this day on, I hereby announce,
Fei as my forth adopted son!
Father, please have this tea
Congratulations Master Lei
on your four distinguished sons!
Today Master Lei celebrates the adoption
of his forth son
We have waited long enough
Come!
We, the Orphan Gang
Shall stand up against the Black Tiger Gang
And pay respect to
all the lost souls at the pier!
Brothers! Drink up!
Drink up!
Yes!
If you want to command respect
You need to let people fear you
If someone dares to defy you,
it's is because you're no longer a threat
Eliminate the North Sea Gang
once and for all
And let the people know who's is in charge
This year the Black Tiger Gang
ruthlessly pursued it's enemies,
while the son of the North Sea Gang
avenges his father's death
And as I had predicted,
the Black Tiger Gang
finally took over the pier
And I
truly became another vicious Tiger
under Master Lei
Go! Get lost!
Fei
Father!
Little Fa!
You've cried out the name
Little Fa thrice tonight
Bad dream again?
Maybe Little Fa
has drifted into prostitution
How about this
You can call me Fa if you like
Perhaps it can ease your longing
No
Sorry, no offense
I understand, don't be so serious
I know, you despise me
for being a prostitute
My hands are filled with blood,
I'm not pure as well
It's fine as long as the heart remains pure
My father, a brilliant doctor
and a master at Tiger-Crane double fist,
started the medical hall to save
the lives of those in need
Yet in the end,
he lost to the might of a torch
Save us!
Quick, get out!
Fei, take them away from here first
Father! Teacher!
Have you seen Little Fiery?
No
Fiery! Fiery!
Little Fiery!
Leave me! Go before it's too late!
We'll be brothers again in our next life!
I don't care about the next life!
Your life is my life now!
Go!
Father!
Teacher! Teacher!
This way please...
Young forth Master is here
Young forth Master!
Please
Come let's toast to him!
Yes!
Forth Master, please
Sit!
Why does Brother North Evil
carry a cane like an old man?
He's talking about me
You find that funny?
I want to make a toast
to our little brother
Sure, no problem
Here
A toast to him?
A lesson from me!
What's wrong?
I thought you were a good fighter
The so-called Shadowless Fist!
Why not show us?
Shadowless Fist is impossible to discern
I dare not disrespect big brother
Big brother?
He's just older, and will die sooner
Come on!
You sent someone to kill my men
at the gambling parlor last month
Don't think I don't know it's you!
They serve to die!
So what?
Who wants to fight?
Master
You want to fight?
Then get rid of the all North Sea Gang!
Here's the porridge
I have 2 fish here!
Give me your hand
Why?
I bought it some time ago...
trying to find the right moment
to give it to you
But I don't know when's a good time
When I bought it
the shopkeeper asked
if I was getting it for my future wife...
I've to check the porridge
Should I play a tune?
Yes
I've found a great job recently
The foreigners refuse opium addicts
as overseas laborers
So I stand in to give my thumb print
and do the medical check
Once I pass the test, they will put
the addicts back and ship them out
Look at this
I got a silver ingot just by doing that!
I can recommend you guys. Want to go?
Want to go?
Go! Go!
They say you're the most powerful man
in Guangzhou
What do you mean?
We need 300 strong Chinese laborers
next month
So far you've only sent me 130.
How come?
You think getting 130 is easy?
They must've forgotten about that
boat incident two months ago!
400 workers were burnt to death!
Now the whole town knows about this scandal
Who dares to sign up to work overseas now?
These 300 workers,
it'll take time even if I kidnap them
We don't necessarily have to
give you this business
If you can't deliver,
there are many others who will
I'll give you what you want
in half of a month
They asked me to kidnap 300 strong workers
Just for the business of five lousy ships!
The foreigners are indeed ravenous
There are signing up to work overseas,
there's no need to use the pier workers
Seems like my son...
has a kind heart
It's not kindness
But righteousness
Let me tell you what righteousness is
To be good to those who treat you well
This is righteousness
Neither you nor I are
in a position to speak of it
We have to play with the morals of our time
I believe a real hero will lead the way,
not follow as expected
I said the same naive things
when I was young
To own a turf, one has to be ruthless
You'll understand in time,
humans are no difference from ants
Have you located the old man's son?
He's hidden himself well
From now on,
send less bodyguard to protect me
I'm sure it'll lure him out
Yes
We have steamed buns for all,
come have some
Get up and have a steamed bun!
Wake up!
A customer has asked me
to narrate two new stories
The stories of Liu Bang Slaying the Snake
and Wu Song Beating the Tiger
How did Liu finally defeat the Chu warlord
and unified the country
Most importantly...
Fiery, we may not survive the vengeance
Let's be brothers again in the next life!
Ah!
How can I take my revenge now?
Villain Li! Get up! I want my revenge!
You two come with me!
No, these villains were killed
by another gang of villains
I want my revenge!
I don't want to go with you
Come with me!
Ah!
You want to leave? There are two options
Either you answer my question correctly
or learn martial arts
well enough to defeat me
What question?
What is vengeance?
To punish the enemies!
Wrong!
What is vengeance?
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth
Wrong!
To get rid of fear, you must forge ahead
into the darkest corner!
What is vengeance?
To be more vicious
than the most ferocious person
Seek out all villains
and take revenge on them
Wrong!
No matter how we answer, it's always wrong!
Wrong! Wrong! Wrong! All Wrong
What are we wrong about?
' I
You are wrong to mention "I"
Look into the fire, what do you see?
I see hell!
I see rage!
What I see...
is graciousness and sacrifice!
Your father sacrificed
for the sake of saving others
It's easy to kill but hard to save
Your father told me once
I teach you martial arts
so as to save people!
Remember, no matter how tough things are
Never give up saving another life!
True vengeance...
is to save lives!
To save people from the flames of hell!
You two can leave whenever you want
Clothes mending!
Need to mend anything?
Miss, are you skillful?
I'm very skillful with the collar
Thank you, Miss!
Go ahead
Old Snake...
has the gold key
Old Snake is here
Go away, get out of here!
After him!
Stop there!
You there!
After her!
Be quick!
You there!
Pretty young girl like you?
How dare you mess with me!
Ah!
Old Snake?
You don't deserve to be a snake!
Not even a worm!
Ah!
Who are you?
I'm me, we are the Orphan Gang
Stinks!
Who kicked him in there?
This must be the gold key for the vault
Put the key back!
I heard it's a group,
called the Orphan Gang
Stinks!
Evil has its retribution?
Whoever wrote this must be out of his mind!
Master, luckily the key is not lost
You'll keep the gold key
From now on, you and Black Crow
will be responsible for the money vault
Thank you! Father!
Thank me?
Am I giving you the money vault?
No, I thank you for trusting me
I don't deserve this honor
Perhaps this key...
should be kept by Fei or Black Crow
I'm not good in keeping things
I only know how to fight
You don't want to control the vault?
Maybe you'd rather control me?
Those who aspire not for small profits
must cherish big ambition
What is your big ambition?
I only want...
what you want
You have nerves!
Dare to smile when you should be scared
Just like me!
To catch a fish requires patience
For you!
Open it! Open it!
Triple four!
Pay up! Pay up!
Great!
What luck! Let's go!
Luck is on my side! Nothing can stop me
All in!
Three three one! Seven points. Small
I want to borrow 50 silver ingots
You are the new Forth Young Master
No problem! Bring 50 ingots
to the new Forth Young Master!
Place your bets! Place your bets!
Triple 6
Hey big bro!
Five Five Six. Sixteen points. Big
Darn, just off by a little!
You must be having a problem
with the silver ingots!
Lend me another 50 silver ingots!
Brother, brother, no!
All in!
Triple One! Banker takes all!
Another 50 silver ingots!
Six Six Two. Fourteen points. Big
Three three one! Seven points. Small
Another 50 silver ingots!
Forth Young Master, it's against the rule
You're putting me in a difficult situation
I want another 50!
Hurry up and bring it out!
Bring it out!
What's all this fuss!
I want 50 silver ingots!
How dare you!
Take this 50 ingots as a welcome gift
Big brother
I want 3000 silver ingots
Are you kidding me?
I mean, I want 3000 as a gift not a loan
If you are looking for trouble,
you'd better stop it
With these debts, I have reasons
to kill you. Father can't blame me
How much do you think this's worth?
How did you get this gold key?
Of course from Old Snake
Someone tried to make a mold
and I caught him red-handed
Who?
North Evil's minions
North Evil?
He wants to swallow the money vault?
So you're here to make a business deal
You should give this to Father
but you brought it here instead
This is betraying the gang
It takes the gold and silver key
to open the money vault
I neither have the silver key
nor know the whereabouts of the vault
This key means nothing to me,
not at all a deadly crime
Since it's useless here,
I'll give it back to Father
Looks like you won't leave
without winning tonight
It depends on you, the dealer
Come to think of it,
3000 silver ingots is far too cheap
To choose between you
or North Evil to benefit from this
I'd rather it be you
North Evil knows you have this?
Of course not!
I've already killed that minion
He'd never imagine the gold key
is now with you
Since North Evil has set his heart
on getting the money vault,
then he might have killed Old Snake
If that's the case,
you will be his next target!
Perhaps you've already
been stabbed in the back
I've to try this key first
If there's anything wrong,
you won't get away with this
Big Brother, you're playing it safe?
Showing me the money
vault to get me involved
Master Lei ask us to come
Finally caught the big fish
Forth Master, your fish!
It's for you!
Forth Master!
Here's a peanut for you!
It's a map!
Miss, your dress has been mended
Men are so impatient,
always tear off my collar
Fortunately, you're a good seamstress
My mending skills are good, have a look
Tomorrow
How come she doesn't turn
to look at you this time?
You like Chun, why don't you tell her?
If it'll hurt Fiery...
I'd rather give up Chun
But Chun likes you
How do you know?
When I told her my collar was torn by you
Alright, next time
I'll tell her you just hide here
UP to you
Since you three are good friends,
why can't you be frank about it?
Let Chun choose whoever she likes
Maybe three of you can
stay together forever
You like to joke
I envy her
If I was her,
I'd seize
Not for the man
But for the heart
Master, this way!
Where are the workman chiefs?
Follow me!
You are a collector of weapons
They are not mine
They belong to my enemies
They're my most loyal friends
Accompany me in every battle
They will never betray me
Do you know what
I'm thinking of when seated?
Your business?
I'm thinking who else wants to kill me?
No need to be paranoid!
The entire Guangzhou Pier is your turf now
Old Snake's death tells me...
Someone's conspiring against me
Know why I bring you here today
and you alone?
I want you to feel the joy
of uprooting a problem
Lei!
If my father didn't help you
build this turf at the pier,
you wouldn't have anything today
And you
No need to lure me out
I will definitely come for you
Can you manage?
Yes I can!
He can't
No you can't
Father!
Careful!
Do it!
I don't want to kill you
If you're not dead,
what's there to live for?
Don't hesitate, show no mercy!
I didn't kill him, you did
Everyone! Get out!
You get out!
Get up!
Everyone! Get up!
Get out!
Get up!
Help! Help!
Stay there!
Be quick! Round him up from the front!
That's the arsonist!
Round him up!
Stay there!
Be quick! Round him up!
Don't run!
Stay there!
Good-for-nothing!
Get him!
Stay there! Get him!
Get him! Stay there!
Over there!
And here!
Master, the opium dens are on fire!
Father, I'll go check!
Stay there!
That Way!
Brother Black Crow!
Brother Fei
Where's the girl?
It's a trap! You're with them!
You're not stupid, just greedy
Do you remember my parents?
Ma Yin Shun and Tsui Lai Leung
from the Guang Yuen Escort Service?
They were just ordinary armed escorts
They refused to join your gang
and you killed them
I, Ma Chun Yuk,
swear to avenge their death today!
Giving me the gold key was your first step
To get my silver key is the second
And there's the third...
Four years already
We've never
been able to say a word to one another
I can see you
when I pass by the courtesan boat
I can only see you off
when you walk over the bridge
No one would notice
Last time...
Why didn't you look at me?
I don't want to see you two together
It's my fault
But you've been
tearing off her collar frequently
Takes me a lot of effort to mend it
A gift from Fiery
I'll tell him about us when it's over
I've been waiting for you to say this
Trust me
One more move
We're almost there
Promise me to stay alive!
He refuses to talk
Come
Beat him up!
Make him tell us his accomplices!
No need to do that
My brothers are very busy now
The money vault!
You stay here!
There's money to be distributed
at TongRen Lane!
Money will be distributed
to the poor for free!
Master
While we went to put out the fire
at the opium dens,
the poor raided the money vault
Where're the guards?
They're all killed
Fetch Black Crow and North Evil now!
You'll be alright
Listen
I'm here
Let's kill our way out!
I won't leave!
Tell Chun
I love her very much
You tell her that yourself
Let's go
I've no chance
I've always want to
snatch her away from you
but now I'd better give her back to you
I don't want you to do that
Let's fight our way out!
What's wrong with you!
Listen!
You can't give up our dream
for the sake of saving me
Burn down the opium dens,
open the money vault, right?
If my sacrifice can help you save
the 300 innocent workers
There're plenty of fathers out there
Save them so that their kids
won't turn into orphans like me
This is what we've been striving to do,
isn't it?
I can't watch you die and do nothing
I can't do it!
Don't forget our oath on the mountain
Don't make me die with regrets!
How can I forget?
I didn't forget!
But don't make me live in guilt
for the rest of my life
Without you, our dream...
You picked the hell divination stick
Stay on
Fulfill our dreams
You once said...
my life is your life, remember?
Today I'll repay you
From now on
My dream is your dream!
Since we share one life,
I won't have any regrets
Pity I can't treat you any more peanuts
Get lost!
I won't say a word!
You know how many people died
of those silver ingots?
What're you people doing?
It's for our dream!
To make a man like you fall!
There must be a mole in my gang
Otherwise you won't be able to
open the vault
Bring me scissors!
Kill me! Go ahead!
Fei
Cut his tongue off!
Why must you take it this far?
Why must you take it this far!
Do it!
Kill me!
Cut!
Master!
Master! Black Crow has been killed
Check the silver key on him!
Ahhh
Hmmm
Father
There's no key!
But strange to find on Black Crow's body...
a wound too similar...
What're you implying?
Father, Black Crow and I had our
differences but I can't possibly kill him
We didn't even have a chance to fight
I've been framed
This is a setup!
This person killed my two sons
and opened my money vault
He must have wanted
to wipe out the Black Tiger Gang
So that he could reap
benefit and replace me
Father
I've been in the gang for 13 years
I've never done anything wrong
I didn't say it's you!
Father, please wait a second
Tell me who killed Black Crow
Which among us is your guy?
If you refuse to speak,
I'll make you beg for mercy
Speak!
I'll say!
That's more like it
What?
Louder!
Tell me!
Say it properly!
I've made an oath
with my brother by striking fist
Don't cry for me!
Father
I didn't kill him
What did he say to you?
He set me up!
He sacrificed his life to set you up?
How unfair it's to you!
Challenge me?
That's what I love!
Hang him on the arch
Come on Brother, let's go!
The only way to save people from hell is
by venturing into it
Brother
One of us has to step into this hell
in order to rip them from the inside
Draw one!
The long one is the hell divination stick
I'm so afraid you might snatch
the hell divination stick
If I die...
promise you won't avenge my death
The one left behind
must accomplish our dream
This is...
our promise!
Even if we get rid of a gang,
another gang will take over
It's never-ending
In five years
I'll be the most feared person here
and conquer all the bad guys
I'll unite all orphans and work
with you to take them down
Why am I here?
Last night you came back
and said Fiery has died
Fiery died
And you passed out
You even cried in your dream
He was my best buddy
He died in front of me
and I couldn't save him
I no longer know what
we've been doing is worthwhile
You guys have done something
we never dare to do
Do you know...
When the poor got the silver ingots,
they were overjoyed with tears
Everyone was happy
watching the opium dens burn...
Gave them a glimmer of hope
You always encourage them
to stand up and fight, didn't you?
Fiery is dead
Fiery is gone
I'll never be able to
walk out from this hell
Look at me
But a lot of people can because of you
It's useless
Up till now
I still can't figure out
where they hide the 300 missing workers
300!!
It is North Evil's business
Lei didn't let me get involved
North Evil
is starting to suspect me
I have to move fast
To quickly rescue them
Why not find a chance to kill Lei directly?
No
If we do...
North Evil would
become the new master of the gang
The pier will still be held by villains,
just a different leader
You've to deal with two villains
I wish I could help you just like Chun does
Forth Master, someone is here for you
Fiery!
This person was a brilliant man
His name was Zhuge Liang
Also known as Kong Ming,
nicknamed 'Sleeping Dragon'
He's knowledgeable
in astronomy and geography...
Well respected by all
Understands Yin and Yang
and the Eight Trigrams...
I want to hear the historical stories
of "Ambush on All Sides"
And "Invitation to Step
into the Heated Jar"
Father! Master!
Why are you so late?
Brother
Where were you last night?
I found Young Master at the courtesan boat
Courtesan boat?
How can you have the mood?
A great show is about to begin
We've got here surrounded
If they make a move,
we'll wipe them out
lining up as Kongming has directed them
As the auspicious hour arrived
Kongming fasted and bathed
Put on a Taoist robe
and came before the altar
What'd happen then?
Now, the story of the fight between Chor
and Han in the Warring Period
Ambush on All Sides and
"Invitation to Step into the Heated Jar"
Why not the Story of Three Kingdoms?
Who dares to tip them?
The mole is here!
No one is allowed to leave
I've been here all morning
and hadn't stepped away
Definitely has nothing to do with me
No one says it's you,
don't try to blame it on others
Bring me the Storyteller!
May I ask who this master is?
Tell me, who asked you
to tell these two stories?
Yes
Indeed a man paid me earlier
to ask me to tell these stories
But I'm blind and cannot tell how he looks
How about his voice? Can you recognize it?
The blind has the best ears
Each of you come up
and say the words into his ear
Ambush on All Sides,
Invitation to Step into the Heated Jar
Including you two!
Ambush on All Sides,
Invitation to Step into the Heated Jar
We opened the money vault
and burnt the opium dens
Through which door did you two come in?
Because we're late,
we came in through the backdoor
Without crossing the market?
No!
Forth Young Master
Master has to deliver some cargoes
to the leprosarium for the foreigners
Your service is required this time
Sure
Master will personally deliver?
What cargoes?
Medicines for the leprosarium
North Evil used to be responsible
but this time Master has to do it
Then...
Please ask no more
How is it?
I've ordered all customers
to leave the bathhouse
You guys stand guard
Don't even let a fly get in
Why does a courtesan boat girl come here?
I come to see Master North Evil
I am Orchid from the Capital Courtesan Boat
I have a secret
about the money vault to tell him
A Capital Courtesan Boat girl
is here to see you
Capital Courtesan Boat?
The one Fei frequents
You're Fei's woman,
what do you want from me?
I won't believe a word you say
My words will make him die
Would you believe me?
You are a mere woman
With no family
Why betray him?
Sooner or later he will be exposed
I'd better find a more stable sugar daddy
I heard he only goes to your boat
He must treat you very well
We knew each other since young
My nickname was Little Fa
He and I used to be very close
But later we were separated
We met again three years ago
at the courtesan boat
I saved him once
So he trusts me
That's why I know his background and secret
Don't play tricks with me
What secret do you know?
He killed Black Crow! How's that?
I knew it was him!
It was his idea to open the money vault
He stays in the gang in order
to find the missing 300 workers
I love him very much
And plan to stay with him forever
But later I discovered
I'm not the one he loves
My heart is broken
I must think of a way to protect myself
Tell me
What kind of reward do you want?
Master North Evil
I want you
I only have this feeble body
that's unable to walk steadily
Without a big rock like you,
I won't be able to survive
Will you take me in?
We're here to deliver the medicine
Shut up!
Shut up! Shut up!
I say shut up!
Get Back!
Come on!
Let go of me!
You want to kill me?
Kill you!
It isn't easy to kill someone
You know why I am still alive today?
I have eyes all over my body
We'll deliver them to the boat
on the 15th of next month
A feeble woman like that
Wants to kill me?
This little brother is really naive
To incur a double loss
Nowhere to hide
You can't go through that wall!
This is for the people you have killed!
How can I let you sacrifice yourself?
Why get involved in this?
I am a prostitute, this is the only way
to get close to North Evil
If I can use my body to kill this monster,
it's a redemption
Besides...
Only by doing so,
I can have Fei's heart forever
I always envy you, even jealous
You can do what you think is right
But I'm left with no choice all my life
Promise me
No matter how grave the situation
Don't come near me
I cannot bear to see you in danger
North Evil is very cunning
If I don't succeed, you still can
As long as we achieve our goal,
it doesn't matter who sacrifices
She is Little Fa
Why tell me in such a way?
Why do you tell me in such a way?
I know why...
She wants to be in your heart forever
We still have to accomplish
what we got to do
We now know where
the kidnapped workers are kept
Spread the news
about the leprosarium quickly
It's time I rise to revolt
You had once asked me who is in my heart
Now I know
Fei!
Help me put this on for Fiery
Let's remember his righteousness!
Brother
It's time for us to fight back
I
Wong Fei Hung
will never forget our dream
I hereby swear
I will unify the people
Rise against all challenges
Stand up against all evil
Unity! Dignity!
300 workers held at the leprosarium
Take a look! Take a look!
300 workers illegally held
Take a look!
Let them go!
Stand back
Whoever can bring me the head of Fei
Will be my sole adopted son!
Where're they!
Tell me! Tell me!
Go!
Wait
Where're they?
I let them go
You idiot! What are you talking about?
You're wrong!
I'm a martial arts practitioner!
Get him!
Master, the foreigners
at the leprosarium have withdrawn suddenly
Hurry!
Ask our men
at the leprosarium to withdraw too
I want to save and set them free as well!
Someone set us free!
We want revenge! Fight
the Black Tiger Gang!
Fight the Black Tiger Gang to death!
Fight the Black Tiger Gang to death...
We have no fear for injury or death
We won't back off today
We want to get even with you
We won't back off! We won't back off!
Quiet please!
Master Lei
We have 500 men here
If we all fight, it will be a bloodshed
Why don't...
you and I have a duel?
I will challenge you with my life!
You betray me for the sake of these workers
Have they been treating you well?
I know I owe you righteousness
I can only repay in my next life
But you owe them justice!
You have to repay it today!
Bullshit!
Let them all understand crystal clear
Who is...
the master here!
Kill him! Kill him! Kill him!
People!
If I die,
none of you should take any action
on my behalf
Think about your families
They are waiting for you at home
Fei
Can you win?
If both sides get into a fight,
there will be a lot of casualties
It's better I die
Than to have the whole place drowned
in blood
Promise me
If I fall,
you have to make them go home
Let him in
Close the door!
You want to burn me to death?
Die together?
Not entirely
I want to burn this place down
and revitalize this pier
How naive!
Go ahead
I'll show you what's true darkness
Hurry! Hurry! Over here! Over here!
Give me the bucket!
Hurry! Hurry!
Hurry! Pass it over!
Hurry!
Hurry! Pass it over! Quick!
Put out the fire!
Hurry! Hurry! Over here!
Over here! Over here!
Quick! Over there!
Getting hot?
I'm alright
You set the fire! Come on!
Run! Run!
The warehouse is gone.
They can't get out now
Let's retreat!
Run!
Hot?
Hot!
I don't need you to save me
You don't deserve it
Don't pretend you care
Do you think by killing me
this world will be a better place?
You're too naive!
Lei
You think it's that easy to be a hero?
There'll always be another villain
on the lurk
You will soon be like me
Because that's your destiny
Father
I'd like to borrow your umbrella
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org